When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Don't step on the broken glass.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
This is a Japanese doll.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
I am never at home on Sundays.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
I’m a living furnace.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
The stranger officiates the meal.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
The book is in front of the table.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
We should play with legos at camp.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
Two seats were vacant.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.